README.md, before:

# ocp-build-data

Welcome to the OpenShift ocp-build-data repo, managed by ART.  This
repository is the source of truth for all images built for any
OpenShift Container Platform release.  However, you will not find any
data in the `master` branch as all data lives in branches specific to
each version of OCP. For example, OCP 4.10 data lives in the
[`openshift-4.10`](https://github.com/openshift/ocp-build-data/tree/openshift-4.10)
branch. (EOL branches are eventually converted to tags of the same name.)

There are a number of other branches for various purposes, for instance
sources for base images, golang-builder specs, or 
[`misc-sync`](https://github.com/openshift/ocp-build-data/tree/sync-misc)
which is referred to by an ART service that mirrors images once a day to
`registry.reg-aws`.

# Contributing

All changes to this repo must be submitted as pull requests against
the appropriate branch for the version of OCP targeted by your
change. If you are unsure, please slack @release-artists in #aos-art.

# Documentation

For examples with extensive comment documentation of the config data
yaml files, see the
[examples](https://github.com/openshift/ocp-build-data/tree/master/example)
directory.

To onboard your image or rpm with OCP, please check out our
[SOP document on The Source](https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/atomicopenshift/atomicopenshift_wiki/guidelines_for_requesting_new_content_managed_by_ocp_art).

Commit message:

Add initial jira component mapping

README.md, after:

# ocp-build-data

Welcome to the OpenShift ocp-build-data repo, managed by ART.  This
repository is the source of truth for all RPMs and images built for any
OpenShift Container Platform release.  

You can find the mapping of product component to Jira in [product.yml](product.yml).

You can find release specific build metadata in the `openshif-4.x` branches
of this repository. For example, OCP 4.10 data lives in the
[`openshift-4.10`](https://github.com/openshift/ocp-build-data/tree/openshift-4.10)
branch. (EOL branches are eventually converted to tags of the same name.)

There are a number of other branches for various purposes, for instance
sources for base images, golang-builder specs, or 
[`misc-sync`](https://github.com/openshift/ocp-build-data/tree/sync-misc)
which is referred to by an ART service that mirrors images once a day to
`registry.reg-aws`.

# Contributing

All changes to this repo must be submitted as pull requests against
the appropriate branch for the version of OCP targeted by your
change. If you are unsure, please slack @release-artists in #aos-art.

# Documentation

For examples with extensive comment documentation of the config data
yaml files, see the
[examples](https://github.com/openshift/ocp-build-data/tree/master/example)
directory.

To onboard your image or rpm with OCP, please check out our
[SOP document on The Source](https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/atomicopenshift/atomicopenshift_wiki/guidelines_for_requesting_new_content_managed_by_ocp_art).
